Bump version 0.6.3 (#193)
tikv/minitrace-rust: README.md

## Resources

- [Docs]
- [Examples]
- [FAQ](#faq)

## Getting Started

## In Libraries

Libraries should include `minitrace` as a dependency without enabling any extra features.

```toml
[dependencies]
minitrace = "0.6"
```

> Add a `trace` attribute to the function you want to trace. In this example, a `SpanRecord` will be collected everytime the function is alled, if a tracing context is set up by the caller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `trace` attribute to the function you want to trace. In this example, a `SpanRecord` will be collected every time the function is called if a tracing context is set up by the caller.
```

```rust
#[minitrace::trace]
pub fn send_request(req: HttpRequest) -> Result<(), Error> {
    // ...
}
```

Libraries are able to set up an individual tracing context, regardless of whether the caller has set up a tracing context or not. This can be achieved by using `Span::root()` to start a new trace and `Span::set_local_parent()` to set up a local context for the current thread.

> The `full_name!()` macro can auto detect the function's full name, which is usedas the name of the root span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `full_name!()` macro can detect the function's full name, which is used as the name of the root span.
```
